README.md, before:

# RDS Calculator

Random Distribution System (RDS) Calculator, aka Loot Tables the web app.

Inspired by [Mike (Prof. Chuck)'s article](https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/420046/Loot-Tables-Random-Maps-and-Monsters-Part-I), this is an implementation in Ruby on Rails.

## Getting started

This is a standard Rails app that uses Postgres and Tailwind.
This app expects a modern Ruby version, likely 3.2.2+, and is built on Rails 7.

After bundling and running `rake db:create` and `rake db:migrate`, run the app with `./bin/dev`, as this will start the app with a paired watch process to recompile Tailwind.

## Testing

Run the tests with `rake test`.

## Deployment

Deployment currently is with Digital Ocean App Platform using a Docker container.
You'll need to be logged into the team and container registry with `doctl`.

```
docker build . -t registry.digitalocean.com/rdscalculatorregistry/app --platform=linux/amd64
docker push registry.digitalocean.com/rdscalculatorregistry/app
```

## Todo

1. ~~Support loot item unique, always flags~~
1. ~~Support adding count to roll table or roll to get multiple items~~
1. ~~Support embedded loot tables~~
1. Support min and max on loot items, so that a value can be rolled (eg, specify 5000 to 6000 gold can roll 5400 gold)
1. Setup database defaults for loot items and tables

Commit message:

Add support for min and max counts on items
This adds the final piece of definite work -- min and max counts on the items.
It also changes the returned results of a roll, compacting the results set into
a list of LootResults - a count and a name. This makes the output a lot cleaner.
Instead of listing eg

1 apple
1 banana
4 apple

It now lists
5 apple
1 banana

It decides simply by name, so some complex ideas are possible with inner tables.

README.md, after:

# RDS Calculator

Random Distribution System (RDS) Calculator, aka Loot Tables the web app.

Inspired by [Mike (Prof. Chuck)'s article](https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/420046/Loot-Tables-Random-Maps-and-Monsters-Part-I), this is an implementation in Ruby on Rails.

## Getting started

This is a standard Rails app that uses Postgres and Tailwind.
This app expects a modern Ruby version, likely 3.2.2+, and is built on Rails 7.

After bundling and running `rake db:create` and `rake db:migrate`, run the app with `./bin/dev`, as this will start the app with a paired watch process to recompile Tailwind.

## Testing

Run the tests with `rake test`.

## Deployment

Deployment currently is with Digital Ocean App Platform using a Docker container.
You'll need to be logged into the team and container registry with `doctl`.

```
docker build . -t registry.digitalocean.com/rdscalculatorregistry/app --platform=linux/amd64
docker push registry.digitalocean.com/rdscalculatorregistry/app
```

## Todo

1. ~~Support loot item unique, always flags~~
1. ~~Support adding count to roll table or roll to get multiple items~~
1. ~~Support embedded loot tables~~
1. ~~Support min and max on loot items, so that a value can be rolled (eg, specify 5000 to 6000 gold can roll 5400 gold)~~
1. ~~Setup database defaults for loot items and tables~~
1. Add hooks into table/roll events
